Add FAQ about stable packages (#11561)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/CorePackages/Publishing.md

<!-- Begin Generated Content: Doc Feedback -->
<sub>Was this helpful? [![Yes](https://helix.dot.net/f/ip/5?p=Documentation%5CCorePackages%5CPublishing.md)](https://helix.dot.net/f/p/5?p=Documentation%5CCorePackages%5CPublishing.md) [![No](https://helix.dot.net/f/in)](https://helix.dot.net/f/n/5?p=Documentation%5CCorePackages%5CPublishing.md)</sub>
<!-- End Generated Content-->

### How do I publish stable packages?

> No. Stable packages go to isolated feeds (to enable rebuilds), then repo owners push these packages to Nuget.org manually. Then these packages flow to dotnet-public feed via the mirroring process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable packages are not published by Arcade except for dependency flow and testing purposes. Stable packages go to isolated feeds (to enable rebuilds), then repo owners push these packages to Nuget.org manually. Then these packages flow to dotnet-public feed via the mirroring process
```

<!-- Begin Generated Content: Doc Feedback -->
<sub>Was this helpful? [![Yes](https://helix.dot.net/f/ip/5?p=Documentation%5CCorePackages%5CPublishing.md)](https://helix.dot.net/f/p/5?p=Documentation%5CCorePackages%5CPublishing.md) [![No](https://helix.dot.net/f/in)](https://helix.dot.net/f/n/5?p=Documentation%5CCorePackages%5CPublishing.md)</sub>
<!-- End Generated Content-->

> ### Can we publish stable packages to target feeds? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can we publish stable packages to target feeds? 
```

How do I publish stable packages?

> No. We publish the stable packages to isolated feeds, repo owners push these packages to Nuget.org manually. Then these packages flow to dotnet-public feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Stable packages go to isolated feeds (to enable rebuilds), then repo owners push these packages to Nuget.org manually. Then these packages flow to dotnet-public feed via the mirroring process

```mermaid
flowchart LR
  Packages[Built Packages]-->ArcadePublishing{Arcade Publishing}
  ArcadePublishing-->|Non-Stable|PermanantFeeds[Permanant Feeds]
  ArcadePublishing-->|Stable|IsolatedFeeds[Isolated Feeds]
  IsolatedFeeds-->DogFoodingAndDepFlow{Dog-Fooding and dependency flow}
  PermanantFeeds-->DogFoodingAndDepFlow
  Packages-->|Release final stable packages on NuGet.org|NuGet[NuGet.Org]
  NuGet-->|Mirroring|DotnetPublic[dotnet-public feed]
  DotnetPublic-->RepoUse[Repository use]
  DogFoodingAndDepFlow-->RepoUse
  
```
